This the story of three little bears. One day they 
went out for a trip. While they were gone, a vistor came to
their house.

First the visitor tried to sit in a chair but it was too big.
Then she sat in the other chair and it was too small. She tried the last chair,
and it was just right.

The visitor started watching TV.  She watched two TVs she didn't like and then kept the third one.

She was so curious how things in the house were so great and it was left empty.

The bears came home to find the girl eating all their food.
They yelled at the girl to leave their house, and she did.
She returned north of the border. She was content to be away

from the rude people from bear country.

But the bears weren't content at all. In fact, they were pretty upset. Their food gone, their house in shambles, 
the bears chased the girl followed the vistor back to her home. The bears formulated a plan to tear apart the girl's house. 
They waited until nightfall to make their move on the house. It neared night fall when the girl left her home. The bears seized the opportunity 
and made their move on the house. Once the bears were inside, they noticed the girl's home wasn't well at all. There was no fridge, no television, 
and there was hardly a bed. The bears felt bad for the girl and left her home never to see the girl again.

Bear country, also known as Illinois, is home of the weakest football team in the world.

from the rude people from bear country. 

She freaking loved tacos. It was crazy.

When she got back to her home country, she decided that she was hungry. So she went to the local
bagel shop and got some bagels. She thought they were deilicous and just had to have some more. 
So she had some more. Then she went home and went to bed because she was in a bagel enduced coma. 

She was obese. 

The girl moved to the city and became a big city journalist.
The newspaper she worked for sent her BACK to bear country
in order to do a big report on the honey shortage. There
were bear riots in which they were punching bee hives and 
eating an excessive amount of salmon...needless to say...
This story changed the girls life for ever.

This is carlos i am editing this file (:

Next, the visitor tried the bears kombucha, but it was too sour and efervescent.
Then, she tried the peach faygo and it was too sweet. 
Last, she tried the Old English and it was just right.

Unfortunately, the three bears called their cousins the three sharks, and the three sharks flew in their candy powered plane and arrested 
the girl for breaking and entering as well as theft of bear food. The charge of theft was dropped as the bears had stolen the food themselves, 
and the girl spent one year in jail.


Unfortunately, the three bears called their cousins the three sharks, and the three sharks flew in their candy powered plane and arrested the girl
for breaking and entering as well as theft of bear food. The charge of theft was dropped as the bears had stolen the food themselves, and the girl spent one year in jail.

Unfortunately, the three bears called their cousins the three sharks, and the three sharks flew in their candy powered plane and arrested the girl for breaking and entering
as well as theft of bear food. The charge of theft was dropped as the bears had stolen the food themselves, and the girl spent one year in jail.

and then she broke out like el chapo..

//carlos's edit 

public static void main(String []args) {
	
System.out.println("Hi")

}
